adds minutes for 2020-04-06 meeting (#95)
ampproject/meta-ac: meetings/2020-04-06.md

## **Excused:**

*   Kenji Baheux ([@kenjibaheux][kenjibaheux])
*   Senthil Padmanabhan ([@senthilp][senthilp])
*   Terence Eden ([@edent][edent])
*   Melissa DePuydt ([@msteffan][msteffan])
*   Ted Shuter ([@TedShuter][TedShuter])

## **Absent:**

*   Ali Ghassemi ([@aghassemi][aghassemi])
*   Charles Vazac ([@cvazac][cvazac])
*   David Merrell ([@dymerrell][dymerrell])
*   Levi Durfee ([@levidurfee][levidurfee])
*   Tim Jones ([@tones][tones])

# **Minutes**

*   Approve last call's [minutes](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/pull/91).
    *   Please +1, will merge today pending no outstanding concerns
*   [Check roster for TSC meeting & Check roster for Design reviews](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/14zK4a1soZXQXlgyaS7cIWizzzaF9z93lWEPXfc11Rt0/edit#gid=0).
    *   AI: follow up with Rudy to confirm TSC meeting attendees, Eli & Sumo
*   Ted Shuter is stepping down. Has suggested a candidate to take over his seat. AC to discuss.
    *   Reminder: seats are not tied to organizations, and there are no set number of seats. Last elections were last summer 2019.
    *   Agree that it’s important to have perspectives from key groups (i.e. CDNs)

>     *   AI: Consider the nominee for an interim term and have an election in the summer as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   AI: Consider the nominee for an interim term and have an election in early 2021 as planned.
```
